when I believe
fear
Ethan why are you walking so slow
uh
we're recording for an hour 19 minutes
of us know what happens I just beat it
oh my god that isn't bright my god
the last trial the last question
are you prepared to give your life to
save your son there is a deadly poison
in this file it will kill you in exactly
60 minutes if you drink it you will get
the last letters of the address you will
have enough time to save your son to
unify to him but then you will die you
can drink the file or decide to leave
the choice is yours you're killing me I
have to kill myself Pat damn it
so I have to kill myself in order to
save my son
Wow
well
I'm gonna save my son
Ethan why I don't know if I want to kill
Ethan got Derek well this is to save my
son so I'll drink it
you just take a sip
fuck
god damn it i want to kill Ethan but I
don't want to kill Sean either
fuck it I'll save my son god damn it
I feel so bad for Ethan
I don't have to do this on my first
playthrough what the fuck did I shit I
just killed Ethan
god damn it better yet viewers in the
gps
the last others who haven't been to your
phone
you can fake it
even I did what I had to Sean your dad's
coming to save you
son of a bitch
well I wonder if my wife will actually
care for me now since she didn't when I
got hit by the car she really cared
about gerson Pat damn and I killed Ethan
I'm the origami killer